Created competitive advantages/disadvantages (#53)
zacaz90/Tutorial10_Group-1: Report.md

![Image of Travel Company Empathy Map](./diagrams/ADinboundcustomer.png)

## 7. Discuss the competitive advantages might be gained in developing the new information system. Identify and discuss the possible adverse effects for this Business if its information system project fails
<ins>*Competitive advantages*</ins>

Developing this new information system, if successful, will lead to a plethora of competitive advantages against other major travel companies looking to increase their customer loyalty or retention. Currently, the major travel company involved is in a great position in the market but has some areas that it is lacking in. For example, the CMC (Call Management Centre) has reduced operating efficiency due to call flow control and call routing issues. This leads to some customers having long wait times and drives up the inbound call cost of the CMC. Through the information system, these areas could be improved and provide many advantages.

> If the call flow control and routing issues are removed or even lessened through the development of the new information system, then customers will have shorter wait times as well as more effective matches with RMs (Relationship Managers). This increase in user experience will improve customer retention, as they see changes being made in the system for their benefit. Not only this, but by directly making changes to areas they are displeased with (and implementing an easier method of feedback elicitation for future, subpar areas), the travel company stands to gain a large uptake in customer loyalty - due to their voices being heard and taken into consideration. This will also inadvertently put greater risk on competitors to keep up, which is an extraordinary competitive advantage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the call flow control and routing issues are removed or even lessened through the development of the new information system, then customers will have shorter wait times as well as more effective matches with RMs (Relationship Managers). This increase in user experience will improve customer retention, as they see changes being made in the system for their benefit. In addition, implementing an easier method of feedback elicitation for future, subpar areas could lead to a large uptake in customer loyalty due to their voices being heard and taken into consideration. This will also inadvertently put greater risk on competitors to keep up, which is an extraordinary competitive advantage.
```
^^^ just a suggestion. Maybe shorten the 3rd sentence

Reviewer 2: great suggestion

> From a more business-centric point of view, not only with the customers be happier with the system, but the travel company will also save costs in handling the soon-to-be larger customer base. The information system's ability to reduce per-call handling time will reduce the cost of inbound calls to the CMC. This, in combination with the increased income that comes with a greater amount of customers, will even further extend the profit of the travel company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From a more business-centric point of view, not only will the customers be happier with the system, but the travel company will also save costs in handling the soon-to-be larger customer base. The information system's ability to reduce per-call handling time will reduce the cost of inbound calls to the CMC. This, in combination with the increased income that comes with a greater amount of customers, will even further extend the profit of the travel company.
```

<ins>*Adverse effects*</ins>

> If the information system is ineffective, lacklustre or outright useless, there are some considerable adverse effects to first take into account. Ranging from the loss of customers, as opposed to sharp gain, to increased operating costs for no benefit, the adverse effects possible should be weighed into consideration alongside the competitive advantages to most accurately see the possible result of the information system.

Reviewer: _fundamentally_ or _inexplicably_ useless perhaps. btw what is `<ins>`

Reviewer 2: <ins> just underlines it
Yep will change

Reviewer 2: I didn't expect it to underline what I wrote ahaha

By implementing what the travel company believes is a solution to their biggest issues, and communicating to users as such, there is an inherent risk if we fail to deliver. By producing a suboptimal solution, customers may feel rightly disappointed, as their expectations were not met. Particularly if these issues have been ongoing for some time, customers who thought the end of these issues were near may be especially upset and cease their interactions with the travel company. Not only does this result in fewer profits for the company, but customers will most likely still need their services met and will hence move to one of the company's direct competitors - a huge competitive disadvantage.

> Not only this, but if the system does not work as intended, then the increase in operations (more tasks are performed as a result of the information system) may in fact work against the CMC and slow its efficiency, for little to no reward. This would produce a compounded negative effect, wherein not only is the CMC slower but it is expected to be faster. As such, the lengthened weight times and reduced call flow handling would ultimately lead to greater inbound call costs.

Reviewer: ⚖⏰ weight time

Reviewer 2: cheers x

Developing this new information system, if successful, will lead to a plethora of competitive advantages against other major travel companies looking to increase their customer loyalty or retention. Currently, the major travel company involved is in a great position in the market but has some areas that it is lacking in. For example, the CMC (Call Management Centre) has reduced operating efficiency due to call flow control and call routing issues. This leads to some customers having long wait times and drives up the inbound call cost of the CMC. Through the information system, these areas could be improved and provide many advantages.

> If the call flow control and routing issues are removed or even lessened through the development of the new information system, then customers will have shorter wait times as well as more effective matches with RMs (Relationship Managers). This increase in user experience will improve customer retention, as they see changes being made in the system for their benefit. This increase in user experience will improve customer retention, as they see changes being made in the system for their benefit. In addition, implementing an easier method of feedback elicitation for future, subpar areas could lead to a large uptake in customer loyalty due to their voices being heard and taken into consideration. This will also inadvertently put greater risk on competitors to keep up, which is an extraordinary competitive advantage.

Reviewer: Repetition for emphasis?
```suggestion
If the call flow control and routing issues are removed or even lessened through the development of the new information system, then customers will have shorter wait times as well as more effective matches with RMs (Relationship Managers). This increase in user experience will improve customer retention, as they see changes being made in the system for their benefit. In addition, implementing an easier method of feedback elicitation for future, subpar areas could lead to a large uptake in customer loyalty due to their voices being heard and taken into consideration. This will also inadvertently put greater risk on competitors to keep up, which is an extraordinary competitive advantage.
```

Reviewer 2: the heck happened...
